update README to clarify authorization (#176)
R-ArcGIS/arcgislayers: README.Rmd

## Authorization and publication

> Authorization is not required for reading data from any public ArcGIS Online or ArcGIS Enterprise service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authorization **is not required** for reading data from any public feature services that might be hosted on ArcGIS Online, ArcGIS Hub, ArcGIS Enterprise, or Open Data Portals. 
```
i've bolded the "is not required" section here to get it across. I wonder if it is necessary to list out all of the possible places that data might be accessed? I feel like by mentioning products it starts to feel limiting again. 

@hrecht, do you mind if I ask for your opinion on this? Do you think the current suggested change is sufficient? Or should it be simplified such as 

> Authorization **is not required** for reading any public data sources.

Reviewer 2: I think "Authorization is not required for reading any public data sources." is great! Thanks for tackling this so quickly.

Author: Appreciate the feedback - done!

> Workflows that require authorization using an ArcGIS Online or ArcGIS Enterprise account include:

Reviewer: Wondering if the same idea might be useful here, removing "ArcGIS Online or ArcGIS Enterprise" and leave it vague because this could include "Platform" and "Hub" (i assume?) as well

Author: Good point- removing specific product mentions seems better here!

There are also functions to add or modify data including `add_features()`, `update_features()`, and `delete_features()`. For a more detailed guide to adding, updating, and deleting features, view the tutorial on the [R-ArcGIS Bridge website](https://r.esri.com/r-bridge-site/location-services/workflows/add-delete-update.html).

> These functions all require authorization since data cannot be published or modified anonymously in ArcGIS Online and ArcGIS Enterprise.

Reviewer: 🔥 🔥 🔥 🔥
